schedule.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

# Schedule
- Location: **UNC Wilmington** Coastal Engineering Facility [Google Map](https://maps.app.goo.gl/LTbWKxoUDJWWmTUT7)
- Afternoon of June 4: Welcome Dinner with our organizers


|Day 1 Time      | Speakers | Title |
|:----------- |:----------- |:----------- |
| 9:10 am - 10:00 am   | Qianqian Liu |[Opening remarks](assets/lectures/100_CybertrainingProgram.pptx) |
| 10:15 am - 11:55 am  | Gulustan Dogan |[Python crash course 1](assets/lectures/101_Python_Crash_Course_101.ipynb) <br>[Python crash course 2](assets/lectures/102_Python_Crash_Course_102.ipynb) <br>[Python crash course 3](assets/lectures/103_Python_Crash_Course_103.ipynb)|
| 12:00 pm - 1:30 pm  |   |Networking Lunch |
| 1:30 pm - 2:30 pm  |Yang Song | [Intro. to Numpy](assets/lectures/104_Numpy_Basics.ipynb)  |
| 2:40 pm - 3:40 pm  |Yang Song | [Intro. to Pandas](assets/lectures/105_Pandas.ipynb)  |
| 3:50 pm - 5:00 pm  |Mina Gachloo | [More data processing and clearning](assets/lectures/106_lambda_function.ipynb)  |
| **Day 2 Time**      | **Speakers** | **Title** |
| 9:10 am - 10:00 am   | Qianqian Liu |[Data visualization](assets/lectures/201_Data_Visualization_Matplotlib.ipynb) |
| 10:15 am - 10:55 am  | Qianqian Liu |Common data resources and data acquisition |
| 11:10  am - 11:30 am  | Qianqian Liu & Zhengui Wang |[More data aquisition & introduction to pylibs (short lecture)](assets/lectures/202_pylibs_1_introduction.ipynb) |
| 11:30 am - 12:00 pm  | Joe Long  |Wave Flume tour @ UNCW Coastal Engineering Facility |
| 12:00 pm - 1:30 pm  |   | Lunch |
| 1:30 pm - 2:30 pm  | Zhengui Wang | [Data formats](assets/lectures/203_pylibs_2_data_format.ipynb) [Working with databases](assets/lectures/204_pylibs_3_database.ipynb)  |
| 2:40 pm - 3:40 pm  |Qianqian Liu & Zhengui Wang | More data processing and clearning <br> [NDBC](assets/lectures/205_Data_Acquisition_NDBC_CSV_files.ipynb) <br> [sea level](assets/lectures/206_Data_acquisition_Elev_Excercise.ipynb) <br> [NetCDF](assets/lectures/207_Data_acquisition_Excercise.ipynb) <br> [river discharge](assets/lectures/208_Data_acquisition_Excercise.ipynb)  |
| 3:50 pm - 5:00 pm  |Qianqian Liu & Zhengui Wang | [Data analysis with ocean sciense dataset](assets/lectures/209pylibs_4_data_analysis.ipynb) |

Commit message:

Update schedule and provide file downloading hints

schedule.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

# Schedule
- Location: **UNC Wilmington** Coastal Engineering Facility [Google Map](https://maps.app.goo.gl/LTbWKxoUDJWWmTUT7)
- Afternoon of June 4: Welcome Dinner with our organizers

(File downloads - in case your browser does not auto-download files, you can try right click and select "Save link as..." )

|Day 1 Time      | Speakers | Title |
|:----------- |:----------- |:----------- |
| 9:10 am - 10:00 am   | Qianqian Liu |[Opening remarks](assets/lectures/100_CybertrainingProgram.pptx) |
| 10:15 am - 11:55 am  | Gulustan Dogan |[Python crash course 1](assets/lectures/101_Python_Crash_Course_101.ipynb) <br>[Python crash course 2](assets/lectures/102_Python_Crash_Course_102.ipynb) <br>[Python crash course 3](assets/lectures/103_Python_Crash_Course_103.ipynb)|
| 12:00 pm - 1:30 pm  |   |Networking Lunch |
| 1:30 pm - 2:30 pm  |Yang Song | [Intro. to Numpy](assets/lectures/104_Numpy_Basics.ipynb)  |
| 2:40 pm - 3:40 pm  |Yang Song | [Intro. to Pandas](assets/lectures/105_Pandas.ipynb)  |
| 3:50 pm - 5:00 pm  |Mina Gachloo | [More data processing and clearning](assets/lectures/106_lambda_function.ipynb)  |
| **Day 2 Time**      | **Speakers** | **Title** |
| 9:10 am - 10:00 am   | Qianqian Liu |[Data visualization](assets/lectures/201_Data_Visualization_Matplotlib.ipynb) |
| 10:15 am - 10:55 am  | Qianqian Liu |Common data resources and data acquisition |
| 11:10  am - 11:30 am  | Qianqian Liu & Zhengui Wang |[More data aquisition & introduction to pylibs (short lecture)](assets/lectures/202_pylibs_1_introduction.ipynb) |
| 11:30 am - 12:00 pm  | Joe Long  |Wave Flume tour @ UNCW Coastal Engineering Facility |
| 12:00 pm - 1:30 pm  |   | Lunch |
| 1:30 pm - 2:30 pm  | Zhengui Wang | [Data formats](assets/lectures/203_pylibs_2_data_format.ipynb) <br> [Working with databases](assets/lectures/204_pylibs_3_database.ipynb)  |
| 2:40 pm - 3:40 pm  |Qianqian Liu & Zhengui Wang | More data processing and clearning <br> [NDBC](assets/lectures/205_Data_Acquisition_NDBC_CSV_files.ipynb) <br> [sea level](assets/lectures/206_Data_acquisition_Elev_Excercise.ipynb) <br> [NetCDF](assets/lectures/207_Data_acquisition_Excercise.ipynb) <br> [river discharge](assets/lectures/208_Data_acquisition_Excercise.ipynb)  |
| 3:50 pm - 5:00 pm  |Qianqian Liu & Zhengui Wang | [Data analysis with ocean sciense dataset](assets/lectures/209pylibs_4_data_analysis.ipynb) |
